Hello to all
he knows that no guy or embarrass then
today we find ourselves whitening
to test new modes present
a mode for lightsabers as in
star wars and that one of paul helmet's
ghost rider
so first I forgot that there was
all that also that attack me
I like people who do
sessions is on the ground
short so first of all for form of
these objects you have to go to the bottom of
heaven I find in blancherie at the praz of
strong dragons then you have here for
change a lot is in the
category of sheets
here is fear of ghost rider I recreates
during that time but josh and objects
zita unhappy to recreate I get in
it could be the lightsaber of this thing
in this is his record and here it is
this blue blazer
it's simple without drain with nothing
remove the nice guys
I make you
the path
this not
cian azure color nothing their thing
the
as for premature magenta
orange
in purple the 100 made man
colored
so I'm going to go get to anchor his
so here I come to recover all
the items alex is then
ghost rider
will reside in this town of m
okay
antwerp
so
thing
such
little wood up
a player
it's the helmet first
finally that this rider
it's something
does not feel
really carbide to do we'll say
but
it's nice all the same here I had it
not tested jappo test before
it's nice
we will test the shoes out of the loop
see on a hand
no
it
sasuke what
you the bedtime bed and so final
will be tomorrow galley I can actually
okay it's good
valet
but your mouth
finally here we go I just want to show
little video on
of different edges ah bah that's it on
two
others introduce you to other modes or
another thing I present you a bang that
I still have not done I'll have soon
make a video presented to a few
mangas this sphere of the day's mbs do not
I did not have to think about
in any case I thank you for having
looked at it and I wish you a good
smart evening